## 2000-passage-5


### words

1. #### regard /rɪ'gɑːd/
 - If you have regard for someone or something, you <b>respect</b> them and care about them. If you hold someone in high regard, you have a lot of respect for them.
 - If you regard someone in a certain way, you look at them in that way.
 - If you regard something or someone with a feeling such as dislike or respect, you have that feeling about them.
 - If you regard someone or something as being a particular thing or as having a particular quality, you believe that they are that thing or have that quality.
1. #### distinction /dɪ'stɪŋ(k)ʃ(ə)n/
 - A distinction is a <b>special award or honour</b> that is given to someone because of their very high level of <b>achievement</b>.
 - A distinction between similar things is a <b>difference</b>.
 - Distinction is the quality of being <b>very good or better</b> than other things of the same type.
1. #### destiny /'destɪnɪ/
 - A person's destiny is everything that happens to them during their life, including what will happen in the future, especially when it is considered to be controlled by someone or something else. 
1. #### deem /diːm/
 - If something is deemed to have a particular quality or to do a particular thing, it is considered to have that quality or do that thing.
1. #### sacrifice /'sækrɪfaɪs/ 
 - If you sacrifice something that is valuable or important, you <b>give it up, usually to obtain something else</b> for yourself or for other people. 
 - To sacrifice an animal or person means to kill them in a special religious ceremony as an offering to a god. 
1. #### vitality /vaɪ'tælɪtɪ/ 
 - If you say that someone or something has vitality, you mean that they have <b>great energy and liveliness</b>. 
1. #### hypocrisy /hɪ'pɒkrɪsɪ/ 
 - If you accuse someone of hypocrisy, you mean that they <b>pretend to</b> have qualities, beliefs, or feelings that they do not really have. 
1. #### hypocritical /ˌhɪpəˈkrɪtɪkəl/ 
- same to hypocrisy
1. #### barn /bɑːn/ 
 - A barn is a building on a farm in which crops(plants such as wheat) or animal food can be kept. 
1. #### former /'fɔːmə/ 
 - Former is used to describe someone who used to have a particular job, position, or role, but <b>no longer has it</b>. 
 - Former is used to describe something which <b>used to belong to someone or which used to be a particular thing</b>. 
1. #### brand /brænd/  
 - A brand of a product is <b>the version of it</b> that is made by one particular manufacturer. 
 - A brand of something such as a way of thinking or behaving is a particular kind of it. 
 - name-brand:a popular and well-known product name.
1. #### acquisitive /ə'kwɪzɪtɪv/ 
 - If you describe a person or an organization as acquisitive, you <b>do not approve of them</b> because you think they are <b>too concerned with</b> getting new possessions. 
1. #### vugar /'vʌlgə/  
 - If you describe something as vulgar, you think it is in <b>bad taste or of poor artistic quality</b>. 
 - If you describe pictures, gestures, or remarks as vulgar, you dislike them because they <b>refer to sex or parts of the body in a rude way</b> that you find unpleasant. 
1. #### spectacle /'spektək(ə)l/ 
 - A spectacle is a <b>strange or interesting sight</b>. 
 - Glasses are sometimes referred to as spectacles .
1. #### ample /'æmp(ə)l/ 
 - If there is an ample amount of something, there is enough of it and usually some extra. 
 - If you describe someone's <b>figure</b> as ample, you mean that <b>they are large in a pleasant or attractive way</b>. 
1. #### radical /'rædɪk(ə)l/ 
 - Radical people believe that there should be great changes in society and try to bring about these changes. 
      - example:A radical is someone who has radical views.
 - Radical changes and differences are very important and great in degree. 
1. #### participatory /pɑ:ˈtisipeitəri/  
 - A participatory system, activity, or role involves a particular person or group of people taking part in it. (参与式的)
1. #### democracy /dɪ'mɒkrəsɪ/  
 - Democracy is a system of government in which people choose their rulers by voting for them in elections. 
 - Democracy is a system of running organizations, businesses, and groups in which each member is entitled to vote and take part in decisions. 
1. #### exceptional /ɪk'sepʃ(ə)n(ə)l/ 
 - Exceptional situations and incidents are unusual and only likely to happen very infrequently. 
 - You use exceptional to describe someone or something that has a particular quality, usually a good quality, to an unusually high degree. 
1. #### formulation
1. #### unimpressive
1. #### impulse
1. #### stirring
1. #### prompting
1. #### sly
1. #### earnest
1. #### compensate
1. #### discard
1. #### impractical
1. #### pursuits
1. #### greedy
1. #### comtemptible
1. #### conclusion
1. #### maintain
1. #### vigorously
1. #### enthusiastically
1. #### momentarily
1. #### verbally
1. #### spiritually
