## 2000 Passage-2

### Words

1. ##### mortality /mɔːˈtæləti

   * The mortality in a particular place or situation is the number of people who die.
2. ##### excess

   * Excess is used to describe amounts that are greater than what is needed, allowed, or usual.
   * If you do something to excess, you do it too much.
3. ##### crucial   /'kruːʃ\(ə\)l/

   * If you describe something as crucial, you mean it is extremely important.
4. ##### suicide   /'s\(j\)uːɪsaɪd/

   * People who commit suicide deliberately kill themselves because they do not want to continue living.
   * You say that people commit suicide when they deliberately do something which ruins their career or position in society.
5. ##### diminish  /dɪ'mɪnɪʃ/

   * When something diminishes, or when something diminishes it, it becomes reduced in size, importance, or intensity.
   * If you diminish someone or something, you talk about them or treat them in a way that makes them appear less important than they really are.
6. ##### poverty  /'pɒvətɪ/

   * Poverty is the state of being extremely poor.
   * You can use poverty to refer to any situation in which there is not enough of something or its quality is poor.
7. ##### tribal  /'traɪb\(ə\)l/

   * Tribal is used to describe things relating to or belonging to tribes and the way that they are organized.
   * tribe /traɪb/:
     * Tribe is sometimes used to refer to a group of people of the same race, language, and customs, especially in a developing country. Some people disapprove of this use.
     * You can use tribe to refer to a group of people who are all doing the same thing or who all behave in the same way.
8. ##### mediocrity/miːdɪ'ɒkrɪtɪ/

   * If you refer to the mediocrity of something, you mean that it is of average quality but you think it should be better.
   * If you refer to someone as a mediocrity, you think that they are not very good at what they do.
9. ##### Drawin

   * a city and important port in northern Australia.
   * English natural scientist who formulated a theory of evolution by natural selection.
10. ##### savage/ˈsævidʒ/

    * Someone or something that is savage is extremely cruel, violent, and uncontrolled.
    * If you refer to people as savages, you dislike them because you think that they do not have an advanced society and are violent.
    * If someone or something that they have done is savaged by another person, that person criticizes them severely.
11. ##### comprehension

    * Comprehension is the ability to understand something.
    * Comprehension is full knowledge and understanding of the meaning of something.
12. ##### descendant/dɪ'send\(ə\)nt/

    * Someone's descendants are the people in later generations who are related to them.
    * Something modern which developed from an older thing can be called a descendant of it.
13. ##### defective/dɪ'fektɪv/

    * If something is defective, there is something wrong with it and it does not work properly.
    * properly:
      * If something is done properly, it is done in a correct and satisfactory way.
      * If someone behaves properly, they behave in a way that is considered acceptable and not rude.
14. ##### decline/dɪ'klaɪn/

    * If something declines, it becomes less in quantity, importance, or strength.
    * If you decline something or decline to do something, you politely refuse to accept it or do it.
15. ##### species/'spiːʃiːz/

    * species is a class of plants or animals whose members have the same main characteristics and are able to breed with each other.
    * breed/briːd/
      * When animals breed, they have babies.
      * A breed of a pet animal or farm animal is a particular type of it. For example, terriers are a breed of dog.
      * If you say that something breeds bad feeling or bad behaviour, you mean that it causes bad feeling or bad behaviour to develop. 



