## 2000-passage1

1. #### dreadful

   * very bad or unpleasant, or very poor in quality.
   * used to emphasize the degree or extent of something bad.
   * If someone looks or feels dreadful, they look or feel very ill, tired, or upset.
2. #### glow

   * If something glows, it produces a dull, steady light.
   * If a place glows with a colour or a quality, it is bright, attractive, and colourful.
3. #### unparalleled

   * not straight or parallel
   * without rival,best of its type
4. #### prosperous

   * Prosperous people, places, and economies are rich and successful.
5. #### inevitable

   * If something is inevitable, it is certain to happen and cannot be prevented or avoided.
6. #### primacy

   * The primacy of something is the fact that it is the most important or most powerful thing in a particular situation.
7. #### narrow

   * If something narrows or if you narrow it, its extent or range becomes smaller.
8. #### shrunk

   * the past of shrink
   * If something shrinks or something else shrinks it, it becomes smaller.
   * If you shrink away from someone or something, you move away from them because you are frightened, shocked, or disgusted by them.
   * If you do not shrink from a task or duty, you do it even though it is unpleasant or dangerous.
   * A shrink is a psychiatrist.
9. #### vanish

   * If someone or something vanishes, they disappear suddenly or in a way that cannot be explained.
   * If something such as a species of animal or a tradition vanishes, it stops existing.
10. #### domestic

    * Domestic political activities, events, and situations happen or exist within one particular country.
    * A domestic situation or atmosphere is one which involves a family and their home.
11. #### casualty

    * A casualty is a person who is injured or killed in a war or in an accident.
    * A casualty of a particular event or situation is a person or a thing that has suffered badly as a result of that event or situation.
12. #### sensational

    * A sensational result, event, or situation is so remarkable that it causes great excitement and interest.
    * You can describe something as sensational when you think that it is extremely good.
13. #### solely

    * The sole thing or person of a particular type is the only one of that type.
    * If you have sole charge or ownership of something, you are the only person in charge of it or who owns it.
14. #### predominance

    * If there is a predominance of one type of person or thing, there are many more of that type than of any other type.
    * If someone or something has pre- dominance, they have the most power or importance among a group of people or things.
15. #### painstaking

    * A painstaking search, examination, or investigation is done extremely carefully and thoroughly.
16. #### manifested

    * If you say that something is manifest, you mean that it is clearly true and that nobody would disagree with it if they saw it or considered it.
    * If you manifest a particular quality, feeling, or illness, or if it manifests itself, it becomes visible or obvious.
17. #### suicidal

    * People who are suicidal want to kill themselves.
    * If you describe an action or behaviour as suicidal, you mean that it is very dangerous.
18. #### revival

    * When there is a revival of something, it becomes active or popular again. 



